OSDOCS-13258: Update FlowMetrics API 1.8 (#87823)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-flowmetric-api-specifications.adoc

be used to eliminate duplicates: `Duplicate != "true"` and `FlowDirection = "0"`.
Refer to the documentation for the list of available fields: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/observability/network_observability/json-flows-format-reference.html.

| `flatten`
| `array (string)`
| `flatten` is a list of list-type fields that must be flattened, such as Interfaces and NetworkEvents. Flattened fields generate one metric per item in that field.

> For instance, when flattening `Interfaces` on a bytes counter, a flow having Interfaces [br-ex, ens5] increases one counter for `br-ex` and another for `ens5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when flattening `Interfaces` on a bytes counter, a flow with the `br-ex` and `ens5` interfaces will increase the counter once for `br-ex` and once more for `ens5`.
```

Reviewer: This sentence is just a little confusing.

Author: Hmmm I'm not sure about this. It may change the meaning slightly because I think there are two counters, one for `br-ex` and one for `ens5`. The suggestion makes it seem like there's one counter being updated twice.
